In computing, load balancing refers to the process of distributing a set of tasks over a set of resources, with the aim of making their overall processing more efficient. Load balancing can optimize the response time and avoid unevenly overloading some compute nodes while other compute nodes are left idle.

Configure Health Check
Advanced Details
Response Timeout - Time to wait when receiving a response from the health check (2 sec - 60 sec).
Interval - Amount of time between health checks (5 sec - 300 sec).
Unhealthy threshold - Number of consecutive health check failures before declaring an EC2 instance unhealthy.
Healthy threshold - Number of consecutive health check successes before declaring an EC2 instance healthy.

Step 5: Add EC2 Instances
Enable Cross-Zone Load Balancing - Cross-zone load balancing distributes traffic evenly across all targets in the Availability Zones enabled for the load balancer.
Enable Connection Draining - The number of seconds to allow existing traffic to continue flowing

Application Load Balancer
Operating at the request level, Application Load Balancers provide advanced routing and visibility features targeted at application architectures, including microservices and containers.

Network Load Balancer
Network Load Balancer when you need ultra-high performance, TLS offloading at scale, centralized certificate deployment, support for UDP, and static IP addresses for your application. Operating at the connection level, Network Load Balancers are capable of handling millions of requests per second securely while maintaining ultra-low latencies.

Gateway Load Balancer
Gateway Load Balancer when you need to deploy and manage a fleet of third-party virtual appliances that support GENEVE. These appliances enable you to improve security, compliance, and policy controls.

Classic Load Balancer
Classic Load Balancer when you have an existing application running in the EC2-Classic network.

internal load balancer
Whithout any connection with Internet


Advanced Details
Ping Path - which file or website should be checking during work
Response Timeout (Amount of time between health checks (5 sec - 300 sec). check the server every 5 sec - 300 sec
Unhealthy threshold - the sequence when the server shows Inhealthy - example 2
Healthy threshold - Number of consecutive health check successes before declaring an EC2 instance healthy.